Frontend Web UI/CSS Engineer Take Home Project

Goal: Create a responsive website

Input: Please find this link to the website designs below.
https://zpl.io/VQN6v55

Zeplin is a platform to share mocks, designs and style guides with Frontend UI Engineers.
Before you begin, please make sure to make an account on https://zeplin.io/ if you haven’t as yet. Our recruiting team will provide access to your zeplin account email ID.

Details:
Font: Please download the free font being used in the pages from this link-> https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto?query=robot.


The website, as shared above, has the following three pages - 
Home Page
About Page
Login Page

Home Page
Home page consists of two sections
Hero/Banner Section
Cards Section


About Page
About page consists of a single section which takes full height of the viewport on Desktop and Large Screens

Login Page
Login page is a simple two field form page with username, password and a submit button. This is a dummy form which, on success, should show a green background toast message on the top right of the screen.
Feel free to write any validation rules to get to the error state/success state, we only care about the UI and not the business logic of the form.


Responsiveness

You will find 4 sections in the shared zeplin file. Each section is a fluid responsive design for following breakpoints of viewport width. 

Mobile: 320px - 600px (inclusive)


Tablet: 601px - 1180px (inclusive)


Desktop: 1181px - 1980px (inclusive)
Please note that the width of the center content grid remains fixed at 960px for the entire range of screenwidth. This means that the website should only grow/reduce the margins of the page with increase/decrease in screensize (within the range)






Large Screens 1981px and beyond
Please note that the width of the center content grid remains fixed at 1200px for the entire range of screenwidth. This means that the website should only grow/reduce the margins of the page with increase/decrease in screensize




Form States
You will also find a section with designs for states of different UI Components being used in all the pages. Please make sure you implement these. The design states are self explanatory.


Tools and Tech Stack: 

You may choose any tech stack you’re comfortable with, however using React is a Plus.

You can choose any UI library however the implementation should be pixel perfect so please keep in mind that the UI framework/library should be highly extensible to fit the need.

You can use any bundler to help you ship a fast website. Eg: webpack/rollup/parcel/browserify/gulp


Evaluation
Responsiveness
Pixel perfection and eye for detail
Clean code
Reusable code/ UI components.
CSS Architecture
SEO friendliness
Page load time


Timeline: You will be given 1 full week to complete the project. You can submit your project via github or package the project in a zip and share it via google drive.

All the best!
